c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\Organizer.exe.config
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\Organizer.exe
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\Organizer.pdb
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.g.resources
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.exe
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.pdb
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Templates\EventModelBaseTemplate.baml
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\EventEditorControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\EventEditorControl.baml
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\AddingNewEventWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\AddingNewEventWindow.baml
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\ShowTodayEventsWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\ShowTodayEventsWindow.baml
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\ExcelApi.dll
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\NetOffice.dll
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\OfficeApi.dll
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\VBIDEApi.dll
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\ExcelApi.xml
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\NetOffice.xml
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\OfficeApi.xml
C:\Users\Geralt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\VBIDEApi.xml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\Organizer.exe.config
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.exe
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.pdb
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\Organizer.exe
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\Organizer.pdb
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\ExcelApi.dll
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\NetOffice.dll
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\OfficeApi.dll
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\VBIDEApi.dll
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\ExcelApi.xml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\NetOffice.xml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\OfficeApi.xml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\bin\Debug\VBIDEApi.xml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\AddingNewEventWindow.g.cs
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\EventEditorControl.g.cs
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\ShowTodayEventsWindow.g.cs
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Templates\EventModelBaseTemplate.baml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\AddingNewEventWindow.baml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\EventEditorControl.baml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\View\ShowTodayEventsWindow.baml
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.g.resources
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Organizer\Organizer\obj\Debug\Organizer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
